Basically this is designed for pvp games like Bedwars, Skywars, Kitpvp, and other minigames. The story behind it is simple, i was a 1.8.9 minecraft player like you who used a lot of mods. One day, I noticed my mods folder was full of mods that each only did one small thing. So why not combine everything into one single mod and remove all the unnecessary features I don’t actually use? That’s how this project started.

So you want to play Minecraft ForgeOptiFine 1.8.9, but you don’t want to deal with downloading multiple mods like Patcher (which requires the Essential mod), 1.7 Animations, Item Physics, Hit Delay Fix, Fast Place and many others. With this mod, you get most of the essential features you actually need for pvp. I’ve removed unnecessary or redundant features to keep everything lightweight.

I was inspired by Patcher mod. After analyzing what’s really necessary, I’ve included only the essential features, like optimizations and important bug fixes, to keep the mod focused on improving performance for PvP.

I’m still working on it, and I plan to add more useful features soon like Entity Culling, Scrollable Tooltips and other optimizations and fixes to further improve FPS and gameplay stability.

Features include:

1.7 Animations: Restores classic animations such as block-hit, swing, bow, fishing rod, smooth sneak, no equipped, no bow shake, and idle animation.
AFK Mode: After 5 minutes of inactivity, reduces FPS to 10, disables world rendering, and mutes the volume.
Better Scoreboard: Hides the scores (red numbers on the right side).
Better Zoom: Removes the smooth camera effect and adds scrollable zoom.
Block Breaking Particles: Disables block-breaking particles by canceling the effect rendering when a block is destroyed or hit.
Clean View: Stops rendering potion effect particles, blindness, and nausea.
Force Quit: Allows you to close Minecraft during the Forge resource loading screen when launching the game.
Full Bright: Activates Full Bright mode when the brightness is set to "Bright" in the video settings, providing maximum light levels.
Hit Delay Fix: Removes the 10-tick (0.5 second) delay when you miss an attack.
Item Physics: Adds realistic physics to dropped items, including rotation and position adjustments based on whether they're on the ground or in the air.
No Chest Animations: Disables Chest/Ender Animation.
No Fog: Removes all fog effects, including those from water and lava.
No Hurt Cam: Disables camera shake when taking damage.
No Realm Button: Removes the Realm button from the game menu.
Particle Culling: Prevents particles from rendering when they are outside the player’s view.
Player Inventory: Removes potion status effects.
Quick Title: Reduces the time of title that displayed on the screen.
Remove Bobbing: Removes screen and vertical bobbing effects while using View Bobbing but keeps the hand's bouncing motion.
Remove Third-Person Back: Forces the camera to switch to the third-person front view when pressing F5.
Scrollable Tooltips: Allows you to scroll through item tooltips using your mouse wheel.
Server Block Bypass: Lets you join Mojang blacklisted servers.
Server Pinger Fixer: Fixes early server ping failures, slow or infinite server list loading, and prevents excessive refresh spamming.
Water Bucket Delay Fix: Removes the 4-tick (0.2 second) right-click delay when using a water bucket, allowing for quicker MLGs.

Includes necessary Patcher features such as:

Batch Model Rendering
Better F1
Better Keybind Handling
Crosshair Perspective
Disabled Item Frames
Downscale Pack Images
Fix Open Pack Folder
Foreign Keyboards
Limitscan
Memory Leak Fix
Mouse Bind Fix
Mouse Delay Fix
Nametag Perspective Fix
Number Ping
Optimized Font Renderer
Parallax Fix
Player Back-face Culling
Profiler Fix
Remove Inverted Colors from Crosshair
Resource Exploit Fix
Simply FPS Display
Skip Twitch Stuff
Static Items
Static Particle Color
Unstacked Items
Useless Animation
Windows IME Fix